README.md, before:

Calculator Link: https://jayavardhan56.github.io/Simple-Calculator/

🔢 Simple Calculator

A basic web-based calculator built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This was one of my first projects, designed to perform simple arithmetic operations like addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.

📌 Features

Clean and simple user interface
Supports basic operations: +, -, *, /
Real-time input display
Keyboard and mouse input support (optional based on implementation)
Fully responsive (optional based on your design)

🛠️ Tech Stack

HTML – Structure of the calculator
CSS – Styling the buttons and layout
JavaScript – Handling button clicks and performing calculations

🚀 How to Use

Clone the Repository:

git clone https://github.com/yourusername/simple-calculator.git

Open the Project: Navigate to the project folder and open index.html in your browser.

Try It Out: Use the buttons to enter numbers and operations, then press = to see the result.

📂 Project Structure
simple-calculator/
│

├── index.html 

├── style.css    

└── script.js        

🧠 What I Learned

Structuring HTML for interactive web apps
Styling components using CSS
DOM manipulation and event handling with JavaScript
Debugging basic logic errors in JS

📸 Screenshot
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0ff8f13e-0da6-4d22-8908-b3b1bd4443d3)

Commit message:

Update README with future scope details
Added future scope section to README.

README.md, after:

Calculator Link: https://jayavardhan56.github.io/Simple-Calculator/

🔢 Simple Calculator

A basic web-based calculator built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This was one of my first projects, designed to perform simple arithmetic operations like addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.

📌 Features

Clean and simple user interface
Supports basic operations: +, -, *, /
Real-time input display
Keyboard and mouse input support (optional based on implementation)
Fully responsive (optional based on your design)

🛠️ Tech Stack

HTML – Structure of the calculator
CSS – Styling the buttons and layout
JavaScript – Handling button clicks and performing calculations

🚀 How to Use

Clone the Repository:

git clone https://github.com/yourusername/simple-calculator.git

Open the Project: Navigate to the project folder and open index.html in your browser.

Try It Out: Use the buttons to enter numbers and operations, then press = to see the result.

📂 Project Structure
simple-calculator/
│

├── index.html 

├── style.css    

└── script.js        

🧠 What I Learned

Structuring HTML for interactive web apps
Styling components using CSS
DOM manipulation and event handling with JavaScript
Debugging basic logic errors in JS

Future Scope:

We can also change the tech stack and also include various scientific symbols.

📸 Screenshot
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0ff8f13e-0da6-4d22-8908-b3b1bd4443d3)
